Department of Pathology
Patient _——— | i
Admn No: Date 26-Apr-2025 7:56 pm
iz SGRD-4257751 = P p
Bill No : SE3934022 Collec. Date : 27-Apr-2025 9:43 am
Referred By : Dr. EMERGENCY MEDICINE Report Date ! 27-Apr-2025 10:42 am
Attendant : ANOOP Ward/Room : ICU MEDICINE/MICU/MICU-9
Parameter Specimen Results Biological Reference
Interpretation (s):
URINALYSIS- Routine urine analysis assists in screening and diagnosis of various metabolic, urological, kidney and liver
disorders.
Proteins: Elevated proteins can be an early sign of kidney disease. Urinary protein excretion can be temporarily elevated
by strenuous exercise, orthostatic proteinuria, dehydration, urinary tract infections and acute illness with fever.
Glucose: Uncontrolled diabetes mellitus can lead to presence of glucose in urine. Other causes include pregnancy,
hormonal disturbances, liver disease and certain medications.
Ketones: Uncontrolled diabetes mellitus can lead to presence of ketones in urine. Ketones can also be seen in starvation,
frequent vomiting , pregnancy and strenuous exercise.
Blood : Occult blood can occur in urine as intact erythrocytes or haemoglobin, which can occur in various urological,
nephrological and bleeding disorders.
Leukocytes: An increase in leukocytes is an indication of inflammation in urinary tract or kidneys. Most common cause is
bacterial urinary tract infection.
Nitrite: Many bacteria give positive results when their number is high. Nitrite concentrations during infection increases with
length of time the urine specimen is retained in bladder prior to collection.
PH: The kidneys play an important role in maintaining acid base balance of the body. Conditions of the body producing
acidosis/ alkalosis or ingestion of certain type of food can affect the pH of urine.
Specific Gravity: Specific gravity gives an indication of how concentrated the urine is. Increased specific gravity is seen in
conditions like dehydration, glycosuria and proteinuria while decreased specific gravity is seen in excessive fluid intake,
renal fain: In certain liver diseases such as biliary obstruction or hepatitis, bilirubin gets excreted in urine.
Urobilinogen: Positive results are seen in liver diseases like hepatitis and cirrhoss and in cases of haemolytic anemia
Printed By : 4498 Printed On : 27-Apr-2025 01:33:10 PM System is