Vedanta Path Labs &Vshslvadev
e an a a a S Consultant Pathologist
Dharuhera Chungi, Rewari-1234012 (Hr. ¢ e-reports i
Save Save the environment
Date ; fF i I ||
Patient's I i ay a ee
Referred = Wl Vedanta = a
Negative
Result :- mm induration is seen after 48 Hours of incubation .
Note :- A negative test should be accepted as proof of absence of hypersensitivity only
after normal reactivity to non-specific irritants has been demonstrated. A positive
tuberculin reaction does not necessarily diagnose the presence of active diseas.
SPUTUM - A.F.B.
SEEN)
SEEN)
S=0)
CLINICAL NOTES
AFB testing may be used to detect several different types of acid-fast bacilli, but it is most commonly used to identify an
active tuberculosis (TB) infection caused by the
most medically important AFB, Mycobacterium tuberculosis. Mycobacteria are called acid-fast bacilli because they are
rod-shaped bacteria (bacilli) that can be seen under
the microscope following a staining procedure in which the bacteria tetain the color of the stain after an acid wash
~ (acid-fast).AFB Smear and CBNAAT negative AFB
smear may mean that no infection is present, that symptoms are caused by something other than mycobacteria, or that the
mycobacteria were not present in sufficient
numbers to be seen under the microscope. Usually three samples are collected to increase the probability that the organisms
will be detected. Nevertheless, if AFB smears
are negative and there is still a strong suspicion of a mycobacterial infection, then additional samples may be collected and
tested on different days. A smear negative
sample may still grow mycobacteria since the culture media allows low numbers of bacteria that cannot be seen ina
microscopic examination to multiply and be detected.
Grading of APB smears as per WHO Méedic Lic, J
No AFB In 100 immersion fields Negative VED/ he wer Mendes
1-9 AFB In 100 immersion fields Positive scanty Near BOSPITAT
10 to 99 AFB In 100 immersion fields 1+ Cireut Bhawan
1 to 10 AFB Per field 2+ ow S08d, Rewari
More than 10 AFB Per field 3+
w-reco=---€End of Report}----------
Testa SOP culo Petholog hte Signatory
NOT VALID FOR MEDICO LEGAL PURPOSES